Remove deprecated Shutdown Room and Purge Room Admin API (#8830)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/upgrade.md

    dpkg -i matrix-synapse-py3_1.3.0+stretch1_amd64.deb
    ```

# Upgrading to v1.xx.0

> ## Removal old Room Admin API
> 
> Remove old Room Admin API:
> 
> -   `POST /_synapse/admin/v1/purge_room`
> -   `POST /_synapse/admin/v1/shutdown_room/<room_id>`
> 
> The new [Delete Room Admin API](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/develop/admin_api/rooms.html#delete-room-api)
> is accessible under `POST /_synapse/admin/v1/rooms/<room_id>/delete`.
> 
> The deprecation of the old endpoints was announced with Synapse 1.25.0 (released on 2021-01-13).

Reviewer: Some minor wording tweaks here

```suggestion
## Removal of old Room Admin API

The following admin APIs were deprecated in [Synapse 1.25](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/v1.25.0/CHANGES.md#removal-warning)
(released on 2021-01-13) and have now been removed:

-   `POST /_synapse/admin/v1/purge_room`
-   `POST /_synapse/admin/v1/shutdown_room/<room_id>`

Any scripts still using the above APIs should be converted to use the 
[Delete Room API](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/admin_api/rooms.html#delete-room-api).
```
